Prohibited items on Realist
Legally prohibited things are also prohibited on Realist and may not be uploaded. Also, things that could harm anyone physically or mentally or are regulated by law i.e. which cannot be sold to all groups of people, are not allowed to be sold on Realist. This also counts for counterfeit products. Also, living beings and foods are generally not allowed. 

In the following, you can find a concrete but not an exhaustive list of all the products that are not allowed to be offered on Realist.

a) Offers with explicit sexual content

Pornography
Sex toys
Fetishes
b) Weapons (this also applies to their components)

Small arms
Airguns
Paintball guns
Decorative weapons
Melee weapons (exceptions: multitools with a small, built-in blade, kitchen utensils)
Throwing weapons
Stun guns
Pepper spray
Ammunition
Explosives (fireworks, explosives, etc.)
c) Items with visible or invisible symbols of unconstitutional organizations (e.g. Nazi memorabilia)

d) Items that are not (yet) in your possession (e.g. pre-orders)

e) Narcotics

f) Medical services and products (whether or not they are available without a prescription)

Condoms
Contact lenses
Pregnancy tests
Ovulation tests
Supplements
g) Tobacco products (with or without nicotine)

Tobacco
Cigarettes & E-Cigarettes
Cigars
Liquids
h) Alcohol

i) Counterfeits

Copies of goods and brands
Counterfeit storage media
Counterfeit money
Audio & video bootlegs
j) Animals

Living animals: Offering, selling or exchanging all sorts of living creatures via Realist is strictly prohibited.
Dead Animals: Trading of dead animals is often regulated or interdicted by law; before listing corpses or parts of dead animals check all applicable restrictions in your country. Realist reserves the right to delete such items.
k) Food and other perishable goods

l) Media and other intangible goods

Virtual payment methods (in-game currencies, cryptocurrencies, Paysafe cards, etc.)
Accounts (neither separately nor in connection with a device)
High-priced vouchers
Locked cell phones
Illegally copied software
Hardware and software, as well as services that allow copying of copy protection measures (e.g., Kodi, IPTV offers, etc.)
m) Items which are prohibited from resale by the trademark owner or an institution

Red Bull and Monster Energy fridges
Current uniforms or uniform components
Current official identification papers or badges
n) Items which may not be offered with Secure Delivery

Car parts
Jewelry, watches, precious stones
Services
 

For services, the following contents are prohibited:

Listings that reference to another website/app/shop in the description or picture.
Listings related to lotteries and roulette systems.
Dubious home and gardening work offers/photo shoots, multi-level marketing, referral marketing.
Offering and searching for jobs under the age of 14
Listings that include a fee-based telephone number.
Listings that include the sale of social network pages as well as like and follower generation.
Listings with erotic services or articles.
Pictures or titles and descriptions, that do not represent the offered service correctly.
Services that do not include a reasonable price or are listed as 0,- offers.
In addition, the following reasons may cause the listing to be deactivated:

The picture does not show the product or the product is not clearly recognizable
Advertising
Links to other websites/apps/shops
Violation of morality, applicable law or legal restrictions
The product was listed "for free" but is not for free.
